no doubt a lack was clear
of modesty and Luis Valcarcel and two cars and gave 0 d
the ship pop art
and assets of the entity after the poor of banknotes in cafes like to return good
setter
name title that wins ball that gives a good location that ball but
they were kid the previous one could be the one from mexico although nasser and is in front
gives the impression that it is not an ideal position not to miss that you had the
ball been more communication
with ball still holy faith again I could acquire
boscarol
the opening of the scoreboard state in the game santa fe junior free throw in
all the edge of the yulián anchico area advances valdés also and close
valdez
anchico laredo for basagoiti
cristian nazarit human ambition
He also warned
despite that nation
and here in the stadium nemesio camacho 'the camp' of Bogota has been highlighted
santa fe has one yunior floor comment ricardo araoz informal patronage and rcn
beginning
so professional soccer
guevara south from here ramiro that they will provoke a bullet
there did not seem to be a free kick for a right man power output
but beyond and says no
I can also declare that if gentlemen touched it at the bottom of the
the field goal of telcel team much more harmonious in junior rodas
leaving behind all concentrations want to present themselves to that sector
energy but after another but it seems that they did
they voted for the right the finch and clouds
ernestina outgoing richardson
with that space
ignacio camacho the camp of bogota
holy faith and have it
82 - comments ricardo did not miss in the football team rcn the beginning football
professional like
excellent pass
for clement boy, it's up to her
unbalances over postal
iberia bidding accompanying
important as cristian ansaldi
what has been running over for the time being, despite the fact that
will do 2 to 0
independent
it's much later
in the individual and collective aspect